finally tonight tonight a lot of
barriers are made to be broken and a big
one may be about to break in the NFL
that's if one woman who has been working
her way up through the minors gets her
way and makes her way to the pros as a
ref our report tonight from NBC's
Stephanie Gosk being an NFL ref can be
thankless after any given call half of
these big sweaty guys may get very angry
refs takes some serious heat but Sarah
Thomas still wants to be one of them
there's a drive in me that says I want
to nail it I want to work the perfect
game Thomas a mother of three with a
seven month old baby girl is on track to
become professional football's first
permanent female ref but being first
hasn't been her focus if you're doing
something because you love it and not
doing it for recognition things just
kind of have a tendency to fall in place
part of the NFL's development program
Thomas may rest regular season game in
2014 we got the best players in the
world we got the best coaches in the
world always forgetting is the best
officials in the world the 40-year old
ref has worked her way up through Pee
Wee high school and most recently the
NCAA embraced on the field now she did
get some funny looks when she joined her
brother at a clinic for aspiring rush I
just kind of broke the ice assembles
this where you become a football
official football is a demanding game to
officiate both mentally and physically
she does just need to know the rules and
make the calls she's gonna keep up with
these guys so she has to be fed
fast and agile in essence she's gonna be
an athlete to not see someone women out
there running you know someone look
fasting some of my guys out there she
also passed a quick integrity test I'm a
huge new england patriots fan so when
you do actually make it to the NFL i
wonder if you could maybe do something
for them they're not gonna be that good
this year the team's hire not here in
this lingo Sarah Thomas is ready to take
the field a man's game but soon it will
be a woman's call Stephanie Gosk NBC
News New Orleans and that is our
broadcast on a Thursday night thank you
for being here with us i'm brian
williams and we certainly hope to see
you right back here tomorrow evening
good night
you